updated sorry man I'm only one man I
can't update 20 brackets live you got
away hold me like everybody else the
code for eliquid for the steam company
let's see if I can find it the battle
has begun winter / 09 is the carcass
team call by the way we have rice is
Chun up against master vikas rose and
actually rice has a good start he's
going good Kenny's getting high pollen
skin hi I like this let's go right shots
a picky staff doing that thing oh my
goodness that was nice doll Ron house
straight to the altar to master Mike
trying to keep chunk cornered all that
hurts lots of damage there
huh how to master my purse is right it's
nice sweep at the start Wow waited for
that didn't i get a full punish fierce
fierce yeah actually i was a sweep yeah
I'm not your robot thighs you know the
first episode of futurama where bender
tries to suicide or whatever that's me
I'm Thunder nice back to school
okay Wow stayed in front with that into
the super so much damage and actually
Master Mike is trying to come back and
just run and take it you can do it rice
has to close it out come on rice you
have to finish homie go for us on shoe
or something oh my god please don't wave
lightning words actually master mike has
to leave now Jean does have ultra 2
available maybe a chip on ultra 2 oh my
god please stop why snow all right
master might takes the first game that
stuff to him this guy starting to become
a little mini trained killer as of late
you got taught me about a circuit 100
each tournament crack the focus open
with Stan roundhouse overhead on the
coast medium kick such a weird move
clearly you guys have not seen the first
episode of futurama where bender tries
to kill himself and fills miserably and
then joins fry on a giant quest which
was kind of the point I was no game
anyways right 6 the first round getting
over to I said quest like it was an RPG
or something their delivery men okay yes
the fries dog episode down was quite
popular defensive grab from master mike
also too he's in the air so this should
be 0 maybe you should have gone for so
screwed I'm not sure
wake up soul mate god that was crazy
that was so nutty Charlie wins
and so for those axing we do have two
more sets of pools tonight at around 6pm
we have the second set of Marvel pools
and around 8pm we have the second set of
street fighter pools so that's how it's
supposed to work at around 10pm we have
the exhibition match up at seven or 7
a-7 of west coast finest are going to
try their luck against the East Coast
here winter bro I'm excited to see that
I'll have more news for the pub for you
about the players and a format as we get
closer but for now you're not gonna want
to miss a trusting very even matchup
right now however master mike has a good
lead in this first round of Game three
okay back school master Michael in a
strong position corsage week away Co
completely defensive grab
yes crust up again is that EF spitting
boy that's getting stuffed by the cross
up interesting that's it Master Mike
alright guys so the next match is going
to be coming up momentarily hope you
guys are enjoying so far so anyway I
want to get some luck to our sponsors so
I wait for the next matchup first off
its dynamic V Werks dynamic constant B
works make sure to check them out
dynamic lyrics com these guys make
custom role of sprite space on your
favorite anime manga manga manga I can't
speak English sorry guys video games
know that good stuff make sure to check
them out an IEP works com well somebody
lost a while at that she is and someone
actually returned it to Las and found
that's also genius I can't believe it
dynamic be works com follow me on your
favorite social media they should check
up on their pre-made and their custom
perler sprites also want to give out to
a dark sticks and parts maker hey arc
make sure to check them out they carry
the comp a series of sticks or calm
right now you get ten dollars off using
the cold winter nine or fifty dollars or
using the code through all nine go buy a
dark dark much love to a dark thank you
to them of course for being a part of
winter bro alright guys we got the next
match is going to be few techniques
fabri amazing for tape player
up against ocv el es s his gamertag
we'll see that's going to happen in this
one